unusual to drive because you just can't
hide from anybody with the bubble top it
has steering wheel controls or
handlebars as such but the most unusual
feature as the throttle is on the left
hand side which makes a little harder
control and for speeds and toward and
it's four speeds in Reverse
and so what's the top speed about
fifteen fifty five miles in the air are
you nothing to break the speed limit but
that's a treasure to behold and to a
fidelity sweetie
special features of that it's very
skittish on the road but you don't have
to slow down to go around the corner it
just goes round corners that's me it is
it can be very close to phobic to you
measurement were famous for their German
fighter planes during the Second World
War at the end of the war they turned
their technology towards making this
very practical and economical form of
transport in Britain bubble cars are so
cherished there's an export ban on them
well that was great Lin it's my turn now
oh no not my pride and joy I cannot come
for the Hawke's Bay and not drive
messerschmitt fair enough
you realize I've not done this before
but you can take have I had driven a
motorbike yes oh well it oh good choice
that her up that's right
trust me no I don't